{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl \f0\fswiss Arial;}
\deff0
\f0\fs70
\qc
MobyMon Help
\par\par
\f0\fs25
\ql
@ Ian Wraith 1998
\par\par
\f0\fs25
{\uldb 01 - What is MobyMon ?}{\v what_is}
\par
{\uldb 02 - A quick guide to MobyMon}{\v quick_guide}
\par
{\uldb 03 - A guide to MobyMon's menus}{\v menu_guide}
\par
{\uldb 04 - The EXCLUSIVE.USR file}{\v exclusive_usr}
\par
{\uldb 05 - The IGNORE.USR file}{\v ignore_usr}
\par
{\uldb 06 - The NAMES.USR file}{\v names_usr}
\par
{\uldb 07 - HPDATA Display}{\v hpdata_disp}
\par
{\uldb 08 - Trouble Shooting}{\v trouble_shooting}
\page

#{\footnote what_is}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote What is MobyMon ?}
K{\footnote MobyMon}
K{\footnote What is MobyMon ?}
\par
What is MobyMon?
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 MobyMon is designed as a tool for engineers. It decodes and displays
 all Mobitex frames and mpak's. It can even correctly display the information
 in Messaging or MTP/1 HPDATA mpaks. Information in other mpaks can be
 displayed in either hexidecimal or ascii format.
\par\par
 The system has been used by Mobitex software developers as the ability
 to actually view the data transmitted and received by a Mobitex modem
 while debugging can be invaluable. 
\par
 It has also been used by Mobitex network operators for network troubleshooting.
\page

#{\footnote quick_guide}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote A quick guide to MobyMon}
K{\footnote Quick guide}
\par
A quick guide to MobyMon
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 It is easy for you to quickly to get MobyMon up and running if you follow these
 instructions.
\par\par
 1) Connect the MobyMon modem to its power supply when you do this the LED will light.
\par\par
 2) Connect the MobyMon modem to a spare serial port on your PC using the serial cable
 provided.
\par\par
 3) Use the cable provided to connect the MobyMon modem to a radio receiver's discriminator
output.
\par\par
 4) Tune to the radio receiver to a Mobitex base transmit channel.
\par\par
 5) If it isn't already start MobyMon running. In the MAIN menu click on CONNECT (LOCAL)
 a dialog box will appear. Now select which serial port you have connected the MobyMon 
 modem to and click on the OK button.
\par\par
 At this point MobyMon will do a number of things. First it will test the serial link
 between the PC and modem. Then the modem looks for a Mobitex BIT SYNC sequence. When
 it finds one it signals this to the PC. Finally the modem looks for a Mobitex FRAME
 HEAD and sends this to the PC.
\par\par  
 Now MobyMon will display to the user the identity of the Mobitex system it is monitoring
 as well as the identity of base station. Then it will begin displaying the activity on
 this channel.
\page

#{\footnote menu_guide}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote A MobyMon Menu Guide}
K{\footnote Menu guide}
\par
A MobyMon Menu Guide
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs25
{\uldb Main}{\v main_m}
\par
{\uldb Display}{\v display_m}
\par
{\uldb Information}{\v information_m}
\par
{\uldb Options}{\v options_m}
\par
{\uldb View}{\v view_m}
\par
{\uldb Help}{\v help_m}
\par
\page

#{\footnote main_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote MAIN Menu}
K{\footnote MAIN Menu}
\par
MAIN Menu Guide
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs25
{\uldb Connect (Local)}{\v connect_m}
\par
{\uldb Monitor Base}{\v base_m}
\par
{\uldb Monitor Mobiles}{\v mobiles_m}
\par
{\uldb Begin Logging to Disk}{\v blog_m}
\par
{\uldb End Logging to Disk}{\v elog_m}
\par
{\uldb Exit}{\v exit_m}
\par
\page

#{\footnote connect_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Connect (Local)}
K{\footnote Connect (Local) Menu Item}
K{\footnote Connecting to the Modem}
\par
Connect (Local) Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 If this menu item is selected then MobyMon attempts to connect to the decoder modem.
 To do this it first sends a reset commend to the modem. Then as a check of the RS232
 it waits for a response from the modem. If monitoring a Mobitex base the modem then
 looks for a BIT SYNC sequence and signals to the PC when it finds one. After this
 it looks for a valid HEAD and sends this information to the PC.
\page

#{\footnote base_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Monitor Bases}
K{\footnote Monitor Base Menu Item}
\par
Monitor Base Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 Use this option when monitor the base side of Mobitex transmissions.
\par
 When selected the decoder modem searches for the base BIT SYNC sequence.
\page

#{\footnote mobiles_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Monitor Mobiles}
K{\footnote Monitor Mobiles Menu Item}
\par
Monitor Base Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 Use this option when monitor the mobile side of Mobitex transmissions.
\par
 When selected the decoder modem searches for the mobile BIT SYNC sequence.
\page

#{\footnote blog_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Begin Logging to Disk}
K{\footnote Begin Logging to Disk}
K{\footnote Saving to Disk}
\par
Begin Logging to Disk Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When selected this option a dialog box will appear prompting the user for a 
 name for the file to be created. 
\par
 After that any information that is displayed on the screen will be written
 to the file. 
\page

#{\footnote elog_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote End Logging to Disk}
K{\footnote End Logging to Disk}
K{\footnote Stop Saving to Disk}
\par
End Logging to Disk Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When this option is selected logging to disk will end and MobyMon will close the file.
\page

#{\footnote exit_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Exit}
K{\footnote Exit}
\par
Exit Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When this option is selected MobyMon will terminate. If logging to disk is enabled
 the file will be closed.
\page

#{\footnote display_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote DISPLAY Menu}
K{\footnote DISPLAY Menu}
\par
DISPLAY Menu Guide
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs25
{\uldb Display Frames}{\v display_frames_m}
\par
{\uldb CSUBCOM}{\v csubcom_m}
\par
{\uldb DTESERV}{\v dteserv_m}
\par
{\uldb PSOCOM}{\v psocom_m}
\par
{\uldb PSUBCOM}{\v psubcom_m}
\par
{\uldb Display RE}{\v display_re_m}
\par
{\uldb Display Sequence Number}{\v display_sequence_number_m}
\par
{\uldb Display Traffic State}{\v display_traffic_state_m}
\par
{\uldb Ignore Traffic States}{\v ignore_traffic_states_m}
\par
{\uldb Monitor a Single MAN}{\v monitor_a_single_man_m}
\par
{\uldb Monitor all MAN's}{\v monitor_all_mans_m}
\par
{\uldb Use EXCLUSIVE.USR}{\v use_exclusive_usr_m}
\par
{\uldb Use IGNORE.USR}{\v use_ignore_usr_m}
\par
\page

#{\footnote display_frames_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Display Frames}
K{\footnote Display Frames}
\par
Display Frames Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option enables the user to decide which Mobitex frames they wish MobyMon
 to display. 
\par\par
 When selected MobyMon displays a list of all the Mobitex frames it can display.
 If a frame type has a small tick next to it then that frame will be displayed. 
 Click on a frame type and the tick will go then MobyMon will no longer display
 that type of frame. Click again and the tick will return.
\page

#{\footnote csubcom_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote CSUBCOM}
K{\footnote CSUBCOM}
\par
CSUBCOM Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option enables the user to decide which CSUBCOM packets they wish MobyMon
 to display. 
\par\par
 When selected MobyMon displays a list of all the CSUBCOM packets it can display.
 If a packet has a small tick next to it then that type of packet will be displayed. 
 Click on a CSUBCOM packet type and the tick will go then MobyMon will no longer display
 that type of packet. Click again and the tick will return.
\page

#{\footnote dteserv_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote DTESERV}
K{\footnote DTESERV}
\par
DTESERV Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option enables the user to decide which DTESERV packets they wish MobyMon
 to display. 
\par\par
 When selected MobyMon displays a list of all the DTESERV packets it can display.
 If a packet has a small tick next to it then that type of packet will be displayed. 
 Click on a DTESERV packet type and the tick will go then MobyMon will no longer display
 that type of packet. Click again and the tick will return.
\page

#{\footnote psocom_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote PSOCOM}
K{\footnote PSOCOM}
\par
PSOCOM Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option enables the user to decide which PSOCOM packets they wish MobyMon
 to display. 
\par\par
 When selected MobyMon displays a list of all the PSOCOM packets it can display.
 If a packet has a small tick next to it then that type of packet will be displayed. 
 Click on a PSOCOM packet type and the tick will go then MobyMon will no longer display
 that type of packet. Click again and the tick will return.
\page

#{\footnote psubcom_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote PSUBCOM}
K{\footnote PSUBCOM}
\par
PSUBCOM Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option enables the user to decide which PSUBCOM packets they wish MobyMon
 to display. 
\par\par
 When selected MobyMon displays a list of all the PSUBCOM packets it can display.
 If a packet has a small tick next to it then that type of packet will be displayed. 
 Click on a PSUBCOM packet type and the tick will go then MobyMon will no longer display
 that type of packet. Click again and the tick will return.
\page

#{\footnote display_re_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Display RE}
K{\footnote Display RE}
K{\footnote RE}
\par
Display RE Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 If this option is set then if a frame has the RE bit set (it requires a response to
 this link layer frame) then this will be displayed by MobyMon.
\page

#{\footnote display_sequence_number_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Display Sequence Number}
K{\footnote Display Sequence Number}
K{\footnote Sequence Number}
\par
Display Sequence Number Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 If this option is set then the frame sequence number will be displayed by MobyMon.
\page

#{\footnote display_traffic_state_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Display Traffic State}
K{\footnote Display Traffic State}
K{\footnote Traffic State}
\par
Display Traffic State Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 If this option is set then the packet traffic state will be displayed by MobyMon.
\page

#{\footnote ignore_traffic_states_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Ignore Traffic States}
K{\footnote Ignore Traffic States}
\par
Ignore Traffic States Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option enables the user to display only Mobitex packets with certain
 traffic states. If a traffic state has a small tick next to it then packets with
 that traffic state will be displayed.
\page

#{\footnote monitor_a_single_man_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Monitor a Single MAN}
K{\footnote Monitor a Single MAN}
\par
Monitor a Single MAN Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option is used when the user wants MobyMon to display Mobitex information
 to or from a single MAN. When selected a dialog box will appear enter into this
 the MAN of the unit you wish to monitor. This number must be in hexidecimal format. 
\par\par
 If after using this option you wish to monitor all MAN's again click on the
 "Monitor all MAN's" menu item.
\page

#{\footnote monitor_all_mans_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Monitor all MAN's}
K{\footnote Monitor all MAN's}
\par
Monitor all MAN's Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option is used when the user has used the "Monitor a single MAN" menu item
 and now wishes to monitor all MAN's once again.
\page

#{\footnote use_exclusive_usr_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Use EXCLUSIVE.USR}
K{\footnote Use EXCLUSIVE.USR}
\par
Use EXCLUSIVE.USR Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When this is selected MobyMon will only display information sent to or from the MAN's
 the user has defined in the {\uldb EXCLUSIVE.USR }{\v exlusive_usr} file.
\page

#{\footnote use_ignore_usr_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Use IGNORE.USR}
K{\footnote Use IGNORE.USR}
\par
Use IGNORE.USR Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When this is selected MobyMon will not display information sent to or from the MAN's
 the user has defined in the {\uldb IGNORE.USR }{\v ignore_usr} file.
\page

#{\footnote information_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote INFORMATION Menu}
K{\footnote INFORMATION Menu}
\par
INFORMATION Menu Guide
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs25
{\uldb Signal Quality}{\v signal_quality_m}
\par
{\uldb System Channels}{\v system_channels_m}
\par
\page

#{\footnote signal_quality_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Signal Quality Menu Item}
K{\footnote Signal Quality Menu Item}
\par
Signal Quality Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When selected this menu items inform the user of the percentage of Mobitex packets
 that failed the hamming code error check. This figure will also be much higher when
 monitoring the mobile side of a Mobitex link than the base side.
\page

#{\footnote system_channels_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote System Channels Menu Item}
K{\footnote System Channels Menu Item}
K{\footnote Adjacent Channels}
K{\footnote <SVP> subtype 1 Frame}
\par
System Channels Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 This option only becomes active only after MobyMon has received an <SVP> subtype 1 frame
 which contains information on the frequencies used by adjacent base stations.
\par
 If selected it displays the base and mobile frequencies of adjacent Mobitex base
 stations. 
\par\par
 {\i NOTE: This option will not work in all countries.}
\page

#{\footnote options_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote OPTIONS Menu}
K{\footnote OPTIONS Menu}
\par
OPTIONS Menu Guide
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs25
{\uldb Enable Error Checking}{\v enable_error_checking_m}
\par
{\uldb Enable FEC}{\v enable_fec_m}
\par
\page

#{\footnote enable_error_checking_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Enable Error Checking Menu Item}
K{\footnote Enable Error Checking Menu Item}
\par
Enable Error Checking Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When selected MobyMon will only display Mobitex packets which it believes (using the
 hamming code error check) contain no errors. 
\par
 By default this option is turned on.
\page

#{\footnote enable_FEC_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Enable FEC Menu Item}
K{\footnote Enable FEC Menu Item}
K{\footnote FEC}
K{\footnote Forward Error Correction}
\par
Enable FEC Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 If this item is selected if MobyMon receives a packet which fails the hamming code
 error check with a single bit error. Then MobyMon will attempt to coorect this error.
\par\par
 {\i NOTE: This option can only be used if the Enable Error Checking option has been
 turned on.}
\page

#{\footnote view_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote VIEW Menu}
K{\footnote VIEW Menu}
\par
VIEW Menu Guide
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs25
{\uldb View DATA as ASCII}{\v view_data_as_ascii_m}
\par
{\uldb View EXTPAK as ASCII}{\v view_extpak_as_ascii_m}
\par
{\uldb View HPDATA (User) as ASCII}{\v view_hpdata_as_ascii_m}
\par
{\uldb View SOS as ASCII}{\v view_sos_as_ascii_m}
\par
{\uldb View SOSINFO as ASCII}{\v view_sosinfo_as_ascii_m}
\par
\page

#{\footnote view_data_as_ascii_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote View DATA as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote View DATA as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote DATA mpak}
\par
View DATA as ASCII Menu Item Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 By default MobyMon displays the data contained in DATA mpaks as hexidecimal numbers.
 However when this option is enabled the data is displayed as ASCII characters. 
\par
 All ASCII control characters are displayed in the Ctrl format. So for instance the
 the ASCII character for the number 0D will be displayed as "CR". 
\page

#{\footnote view_extpak_as_ascii_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote View EXTPAK as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote View EXTPAK as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote EXTPAK mpak}
\par
View EXPAK as ASCII Menu Item Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 By default MobyMon displays the data contained in EXTPAK mpaks as hexidecimal numbers.
 However when this option is enabled the data is displayed as ASCII characters. 
\par
 All ASCII control characters are displayed in the Ctrl format. So for instance the
 the ASCII character for the number 0D will be displayed as "CR". 
\page

#{\footnote view_hpdata_as_ascii_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote View HPDATA (User) as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote View HPDATA (User) as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote HPDATA (User) mpak}
\par
View HPDATA (User) as ASCII Menu Item Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 By default MobyMon displays the data contained in HPDATA  (User) mpaks as hexidecimal numbers.
 However when this option is enabled the data is displayed as ASCII characters. 
\par
 All ASCII control characters are displayed in the Ctrl format. So for instance the
 the ASCII character for the number 0D will be displayed as "CR". 
\page

#{\footnote view_sos_as_ascii_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote View SOS as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote View SOS as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote SOS mpak}
\par
View SOS as ASCII Menu Item Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 By default MobyMon displays the data contained in SOS mpaks as hexidecimal numbers.
 However when this option is enabled the data is displayed as ASCII characters. 
\par
 All ASCII control characters are displayed in the Ctrl format. So for instance the
 the ASCII character for the number 0D will be displayed as "CR". 
\page

#{\footnote view_sosinfo_as_ascii_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote View SOSINFO as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote View SOSINFO as ASCII Menu Item}
K{\footnote SOSINFO mpak}
\par
View SOSINFO as ASCII Menu Item Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 By default MobyMon displays the data contained in SOSINFO mpaks as hexidecimal numbers.
 However when this option is enabled the data is displayed as ASCII characters. 
\par
 All ASCII control characters are displayed in the Ctrl format. So for instance the
 the ASCII character for the number 0D will be displayed as "CR". 
\page

#{\footnote help_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote HELP Menu}
K{\footnote HELP Menu}
\par
HELP Menu Guide
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs25
{\uldb Help}{\v help_d_m}
\par
{\uldb Decoder Information}{\v decoder_information_m}
\par
{\uldb About MobyMon}{\v about_mobymon_m}
\par
\page

#{\footnote help_d_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Help Menu Item}
K{\footnote Help Menu Item}
\par
Help Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When selected this help file is displayed.
\page

#{\footnote decoder_information_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Decoder Information Menu Item}
K{\footnote Decoder Information Menu Item}
K{\footnote Serial Number}
K{\footnote Firmware Version}
\par
Decoder Information Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When selected this option displays the serial number of your MobyMon modem and
 its firmware version number.
\page

#{\footnote about_mobymon_m}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote About MobyMon Menu Item}
K{\footnote About MobyMon Menu Item}
\par
About MobyMon Menu Item
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When selected this option will display a little information about MobyMon.
\page

#{\footnote exclusive_usr}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote EXCLUSIVE.USR}
K{\footnote EXCLUSIVE.USR}
\par
The EXCLUSIVE.USR File
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 The EXCLUSIVE.USR file is an ASCII text file that can be edited by the user. If the
 "Use EXCLUSIVE.USR" menu item is selected then MobyMon will only display Mobitex
 information sent to or from the MAN's entered in the EXCLUSIVE.USR file.
\par\par
 A typical EXCLUSIVE.USR file is shown below ..
\par\par
{\b
054e50
\par
00238f
\par
*}
\par\par
 In this file 054e50 is the first MAN the user wishes to monitor and 00238f is the
 second. The "*" character signals the end of the file. {\b This character must be
 the last character in the EXCLUSIVE.USR file or an error will occur.}
\par\par
 To write your own EXCLUSIVE.USR file use a text editor (such as NOTEPAD which comes
 with Windows) to edit the EXCLUSIVE.USR file in your MobyMon directory. To add a
 MAN to the list simply enter it on a line above the "*" character. Note that the
 MAN's must be in hexidecimal format and must consist of 6 numbers. So if you wish
 add the number 2F to the file it would be entered as "00002f".
\page

#{\footnote ignore_usr}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote IGNORE.USR}
K{\footnote IGNORE.USR}
\par
The IGNORE.USR File
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 The IGNORE.USR file is an ASCII text file that can be edited by the user. If the
 "Use IGNORE.USR" menu item is selected then MobyMon will not display any Mobitex
 information sent to or from the MAN's entered in the IGNORE.USR file.
\par\par
 A typical IGNORE.USR file is shown below ..
\par\par
{\b
054e50
\par
00238f
\par
*}
\par\par
 In this file 054e50 is the first MAN the user wishes to ignore and 00238f is the
 second. The "*" character signals the end of the file. {\b This character must be
 the last character in the IGNORE.USR file or an error will occur.}
\par\par
 To write your own IGNORE.USR file use a text editor (such as NOTEPAD which comes
 with Windows) to edit the IGNORE.USR file in your MobyMon directory. To add a
 MAN to the list simply enter it on a line above the "*" character. Note that the
 MAN's must be in hexidecimal format and must consist of 6 numbers. So if you wish
 add the number 2F to the file it would be entered as "00002f".
\page

#{\footnote names_usr}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote NAMES.USR}
K{\footnote NAMES.USR}
\par
The NAMES.USR File
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 By default MobyMon displays MAN's as hexidecimal numbers. However if a MAN is entered
 into the NAMES.USR file then it will be identified by a text string defined by the user
 in the file.
\par\par
 So instead of displaying ..
\par\par
 To:1e7a08 From:2d05e2
\par
 STATUS #8b 21:28 7/2/1998
\par\par
 So instead of displaying ..
\par\par
 To Recovery Base From Vehicle.5
\par
 STATUS #8b 11:28 9/7/1998
\par\par
 The NAMES.USR file used to do this is listed below ..
\par\par
 1e7a08 Recovery Base
\par
 2d05e2 Vehicle.5
\par
*
\par\par
 Writing your own NAMES.USR is easy use a text editor (such as NOTEPAD that comes with
 Windows) and edit the existing NAMES.USR file in the MobyMon directory. Create a line
 above the "*" character and enter the MAN this must consist of 6 letters and be in
 hexidecimal format. Then add a space and type in the text string identifier.
\par\par
{\b The "*" character must be the last character in the NAMES.USR file or an error will occur.}
\page

#{\footnote hpdata_disp}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote HPDATA Display}
K{\footnote HPDATA Display}
K{\footnote MTP/1 Protocol}
K{\footnote Messaging Protocol}
\par
HPDATA Display
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 When MobyMon receives a HPDATA message of the MTP/1 or MESSAGING type. Then instead of
 displaying the raw data in hexidecimal format it will display the information according
 to the approprate protocol specifications. 
\par\par
 For example an MTP/1 message will look like this ..
\par\par
To:171873 From:2048ab (2 Blocks)
\par
HPDATA 7:30 17/7/1998 MTP/1 Protocol
\par
CR (Connection Request)
\par
CON-ID#3c VER#0 SESS#0 CM
\par
0,0,0,7,1a,33,f2,33,2,0,5,0,52,4c
\par\par 
To:171873 From:2048ab (3 Blocks)
\par
HPDATA 7:31 17/7/1998 MTP/1 Protocol
\par
DT (Data)
\par
EOT TPDU-NR#0 ACK-NR#0
\par
2A,1,11,53,0,0,24,40,24,40,21,26,24,20,0,24,a4,24,22,ca
\par\par
To:171873 From:2048ab (2 Blocks)
\par
HPDATA 7:31 17/7/1998 MTP/1 Protocol
\par
DR (Disconnect Request)
\par
VER#0
\par
Normal disconnect initiated by the session entity
\par\par
While a Messaging protocol message will look like this ..
\par\par
To:1e8560 From:1e456f (4 Blocks)
\par
HPDATA 8:41 17/7/1998 Messaging Protocol
\par
Paging Msg ID#0
\par
Duncan call home now !<CR><LF>
\page

#{\footnote trouble_shooting}
\f0\fs40
\qc
${\footnote Trouble Shooting}
K{\footnote Trouble Shooting}
K{\footnote Problems}
\par
Trouble Shooting
\par\par
\ql
\f0\fs20
 Problem #1
\par
 Even when monitoring a Mobitex base station with a high signal strength the Signal
 Quality indicates over 60% of packets received have errors.
\par\par
 One possible solution is to make the following alterations to Windows 95/98. This improves 
 its serial port preformance.
\par
 1) Click on "My Computer"
\par
 2) Click on "Control Panel"
\par
 3) Click on "System"
\par
 4) Click on "Device Manager"
\par
 5) Click on "Ports (COM & LPT)"
\par
 6) Click on the COM port you use for MobyMon
\par
 7) Click on "Port Settings"
\par
 8) Click on "Advanced"
\par
 9) Set the Receive Buffer to its lowest setting
\par
 10) Click on OK
\page

}
